girls go to college to get my knowledge
both go to Jupiter to get more stupider
tick-tock the absolute state of humanity
right now I did a video last week
mentioning that trolls have been
starting to appear on Tech Talk
making a blank phase to a serious topic
or making that epic silly dance well
someone says they'd lost their mother
and such and so and then when I realized
you didn't now that has just blown up
completely and it's amazing
let's go through some of the epic Tech
Talk trolling guys let's just jump into
he says you're in love with me I say a
lot of things grace wait you're in love
with me I know you're in love with me
that's right that girl thought some
stranger was gonna add him some cute
love I love you
instead he kicked her in the face that
was happy why why I still have no answer
to my question why do all these kids
record this to begin with
I'd say things are going pretty well
from that on here Thank You Tic Tac I'm
on the cover of a fringe coalition
nothing I'm moving to LA to become a
famous actor
damn the next Logan Paul everybody we
found him you know the pole brothers
people don't know they started on vine
but I think in a way we should be
thankful to tick tock because tick tock
saved us from musically emigrating into
YouTube it's good that we have it in one
spot so we know where to send the nukes
I literally want to get out of my body
and go somewhere else
[Music]
guys I cannot tell you enough how
important it is to love yourself love
your body and who you are and find that
inner strength and show it you can also
be beautiful what a great message
everybody if your abs look like a poor
drawing of Pele breakfast then that's
okay in case it wasn't obvious in
tick-tock you can make a reply I don't
know what it's called it called
something else but how do you do fellow
kids I don't know what you call it and
that's what led to this
tick tock trolling sometimes they just
push it to the next level like this oh
my god some of the trolleys are just bad
I'll say that but some of them damn a
plus a plus hi take two steps forward
you're amazing now you better have taken
two steps forward because you are
wonderful and beautiful and just if you
have a gun behind like a knife man he's
like what is he gonna do I don't trust
this man this reminds him of those vines
where the guy just feel like you're so
beautiful oh my god ahh
so to all those who think I was just
bluffing about telling the kids parents
I wasn't I actually sent them a message
tone dump at their pants what the kids
are doing oh snap there are two ways
there's his mother as well it's amazing
so I need to know something why the
girls these days have to dress
half-naked
I mean take your mama teach you to cover
up your breasts girls keep it classy not
trashy you can't get a good man in the
other one
why are moms using tick tock why is
anyone using tick tock speaking of tick
tock here's a tick tock ad that's right
everybody you make a video about tick
tock tick tock advertisement through
Google it's just been like we're gonna
pull an ad on that it doesn't matter if
you're making fun of it or if you're
trash-talking it put a tick tock ad in
there every tweet I got from last video
was the second I got a tick-tock egg on
this video you know what maybe I can
cheat the system what if I just I want
to get those premium ads right what if I
to start saying like expensive car
incredible jewelry
I just bought a Rolex and so should you
buy an expensive watch expensive
luxurious incredible richness watches
and gosh hopefully you got an amazing ad
there if it's not a premium and I'm
gonna be so disappointed oh my god I
love these the ones that are just like
what's the original videos to some kid
making it rhyme she did not just say
they go to Jupiter to get more stupider
if you don't like furs go away if you
don't like furries go away I've got a
lot to do not any time for you if you
don't like furries go away now
I'm not going anywhere because no animal
can tell me what to do you know what I
eat for breakfast
dogs you guys want to see a magic trick
I'm gonna pull this out of my head
really cook
oh my god it's this again no it's good
did you figure to get more stupider can
we just have a thank you site for
editing out all the copyrighted material
this video appreciates it
Thank You Brad - is it cool if I bring
my sister no dude it's bro time yeah she
can come if only my friend sister looked
that attractive when I was younger
god damn it it's not fair like a jeans
corset like a wet what even is that if
you don't like furries go away if you
don't like furries go away I've got a
lot to do not any time for you if you
don't like furries go away now
this is so sad girls go to college to
get more knowledge both go to Jupiter to
get more stupider how long is it gonna
go on the parents have started to notice
this how kids are just making fun of
kids on this site and of course the
response is I think there needs to be a
parental contact own tick tock because
obviously some of these parents don't
know what their ten-year olds are doing
you know I mean some of these screen
names thought 69 whatsapp me she must be
trolling I don't believe that you don't
just go not 69 what's your side what the
Frick guys I was right so you guys if
you wanna shut up you don't need to do
it with me then I shout you know what is
it happening I feel so old
I never felt this older and I look at
these tick-tock videos you know I
thought it would just be one trend with
that good boys like guys I did the dirt
already and I thought we would be done
but he just keeps going and it's
epically ticked I I love it you know
I never thought I would say that I
actually never thought I would say that
if you are under the age of 18 years old
do not get on my profile do not do duets
with my profile videos do not even look
at my profile keep moving
why are you a over 18 and on ticket ah
that's the appropriate question here all
right more for dancing after 40 this is
the fortnight type dance
I might turn sideways so you can see I'm
gonna kick your leg Emin 8 you why are
all these adults on there I'm stuck in
between these kids and these animals
what am i what am I supposed to be where
do I belong fellow kids and adults guys
come with a nose if you made it to the
end these kids must be stopped and
adults as well thank you very much I
hope this said tik-tok the cringe thing
keeps going god bless everyone I'm Petey
pie
brofist act
[Music]